Fast forward. After the dissolution of the USSR the secret agreement fell apart between the Russians and
 the Council, and the facility had to be relocated. Of all the places they ended up in Bellevue somehow.
Scientific advancement finally allowed those nutjobs to create prototype technology based on the 1970's
 drafts. And as mentioned before - water was back as a candidate for amberlight creation. The year is 1998
 and the scene is set - the prototype facility is operating, but held together with duct tape and very low
 budgets.
There was moderate success. After a few trial runs they had characterized the phenomenon. Now the input
 energy required was much less than before and they realized they can "steer" the wormhole destination.
 However, another issue - they could not sustain the portals long enough. I was already compromised by
 the point I had uncovered this and had limited time to grasp the concept, but it was something about
 "half-life" of the metastable particle streams feeding the amberlight instance. Yeah, I know it's not a
 lot to go on, but I'm compressing over 40 bloody years of top-secret research into, like, 4 paragraphs,
 and I'm no Einstein, okay?
Prototypes weren't cutting it - they needed to refine the technology further, but that took a few more years.
 In that time they managed to figure out how to steer the wormholes by sequencing the particle stream. By
 the year 2000 they characterised 4 portal destinations with pinpoint consistency, but it was a convoluted
 process. The amount of resources they had to establish stretched the supply chain, which being secret and
 all, couldn't be stretched any further.
Between 2000 and 2003 those chuckleducks realized something a 3rd grader would could point out - if you
 heat a liquid it turns to gas. Whoopdee-do. Someone had suggested to reincorporate the 1960's tech
 with this "hot water gas", and I quote, "to see what happens". So in 2003 they managed to re-invent the kettle
 and boil some damn water for their amberlight. And lo and behold - they cracked it. Something in the
 calculations cancelled out and they had made a lightyear leap in capabilities. Portals became stable, wormhole
 sequences became much simpler and could be encoded into a binary streams just 15 bytes long. Several other
 underground coallitions caught wind of this and threatened war unless they were allowed to establish their 
 own wormholes using this Steam-powered tech. Some straggler associations are trying to establish their own
 hubs, but it's been an Epic fail for them so far.
Since 2003 over 100k wormholes have been established. Here. ON PLANET EARTH. What do they do? Anyone's
 darn guess, but it seems everyone wants one. I saw some archives - they're literal pathways to worlds
 unseen - unfathomable wealth and resources, diplimatic relationships with aliens, worlds of non-stop battle
 and war, planes of existence that house horrors beyond anyone's imagination, and more... I told you it makes
 the craziest nuts seem sane. And they're accelerating - in 2024 alone over 18900 more gateways were established.
 The Council and the various coallitions have established a tokenized access system based on the sequencing
 methodology. And here's why I'm running, my dear friend - I managed to get out with several token sequences,
 and I'm giving them TO YOU.
You will know what to do with them, once you crack this final layer. Good luck, Doctor.
Rat King, signing off.

Look for magic numbers
