In 1965 a special council was formed lead by the US and UK. This was in response to a discovery
 made a year earlier in Africa of all places. What the scientists accidentally discovered is a special
 state of matter by modulating pressure and temperature parameters in just the right way in a
 specialized chamber.
Initially they experimented with liquids, but it didn't go far as the energy required was too great.
 However, by applying the same to various elemental gases they were able to breach the energy
 threshold required and achieve this state they named "amberlicht".
Anyway, what's amberlight is sci-fi magic bullshit - it's a trans-dimensional wormhole.
Those schlongusses didn't even know what they had on their hands until late 1970's - they thought
 it was some special form of plasma they tried to extract energy from.
They shoved it into tokamaks and other thermal fusion reactors trying to solve the energy equation.
 But none of it made sense - every time they created amberlight they would get wildly different
 results from the reactors. Sometimes it would exceed calculated output, sometimes it would fizzle
 out and require more energy to sustain than produce.
In hindsight it makes sense - the wormhole destination is semi-random and doesn't follow their
 calculations based on the properties of the constituent gases alone. Our continued existence is purely
 luck as none of the wormholes ever opened up straight into the core of some random star, obliterating
 Earth. Thank whatever entities you believe in for that. Oh, and if you don't believe in any - you will.
So, late 1970's they finally came around and realized just what the hell they have on their hands. The
 cold fusion program was shut down immediately and the entire project got reclassified and shoved into
 one of the most remote locations you can find - Chelyabinsk. Far away from peering eyes. It was actually
 trivial to get the Soviets to look the other way.
I mentioned the wormholes were semi-random. That's because the amberlight creation process was crude.
 It was like blowing up a nuke in your kitchen every time you wanted to cook dinner. Now that they knew
 this ain't just your grandpa's good ol' fashioned starstuff the scientists went back to the drawing
 boards. They designed a device capable of creating and modulating amberlight in a sophisticated,
 highly refined matter. Liquids were back on the table - specifically water. Unfortunately, it was
 too early and the technology was simply not there yet...

